damn Bella
and I'm Anna blocks lots of her sauce
and today we're gonna do a spiral lace
braided ponytail so I started by putting
her hair up in a high ponytail I like it
up nice and high because you can get
that huge bump on the top of it when
it's all done then section off a little
piece from the side and we're going to
do a lace braid so for this just cross
it over like a normal braid and on your
second time through on the bottom I'm
not going to add any hair to it I'm just
going to bring it over like a regular
braid and on the top I'm going to add a
piece to it like I'm French braiding
keep it nice and smooth and then again
as we go on the bottom you don't add any
hair to it and when you're coming on the
top this side this time you do add a
little bit of hair and notice that I'm
coming down on a diagonal so each time I
add a strand from the top I'm adding it
a little longer so maybe it started out
about an inch and then an inch and a
half and now down to two inches continue
that pattern down crossed till you get
to the other side of the break a nice
diagonal and then do a few strands that
aren't french braided on either side and
then we're going to bring it behind the
ponytail notice how I turn the braid
upside down on itself
and then I just regrab the strands in my
hands
and I continue to braid so I add a
little piece on the top and bring it
over but on the bottom I don't add any
hair in add a little piece to the top
make sure it's smooth and keep that
diagonal pattern so your strands are
getting longer each time and then when
you get to the edge again do a couple of
regular braids without it being french
braided swing it underneath that
ponytail and turn it upside down on
itself and start to braid back over and
follow your same diagonal pattern that
you've been doing then as we get down to
the very end
you're going to AB these pieces in to
your French braid but I like to wait
till the end because then
it's how you make the curl in the bottom
of it it turns itself kind of inside-out
so braid those last few pieces into the
end of your strand put it in an elastic
and then we'll just start to tug on
these strands to get them nice and loose
and symmetrical and I like to make sure
I take the end and twist it underneath
itself so it gives it that cute spiraled
effect I'll put out really large